Master, under your guidance these years
Unless my strength advances sharply
After I go out
I'm ready to break through the pantheon
Don't call me master
It's not even a mirror
I'm not as stupid as you, apprentice, not master
I am the sect master of the first God of War Longmen in the building
You don't like me anymore
Okay, act tough and get out
Master, wait for me to break through the dust digging realm
I will officially worship you as my teacher to remove monsters
If you don't leave, I'll give you three years to get out
Hey, yeah, yeah.
Go out and don't look back
Welcome to the first God of War Longmen Sect Master of the building
Keep your voice down
No noise here
The disciple Zhao Xianyi paid a visit to the teacher Sun
Get up
Master, I didn't expect your retreat to be in such a remote small prison
What kind of small prison is this?
This is the most terrifying dark honor in the world
Almost can't get out
Master, you have been in retreat for 3 years
About to break through the legendary Transfiguration Mirror
The strength must be invincible
What invincible
In front of my master, I can't even take his move
What master
What a terrifying existence your master is
I wonder if the disciple is lucky enough to gradually lose his way
When I break through the metamorphosis mirror
Let's talk about it after the official apprenticeship
Go away
Don't make noise here
Master and apprentice still have something to do to go to the small prison
Retire first